(The Final Episode)
Why did you want to talk to me?
Did you tell Hyun Soo to renew her contract with my company?
How can I say that?
Why can't you?
Do you have that little influence over her?
I have influence,
but I just don't to use it for that kind of thing.
You won't be able to say that if you knew about all the things...
I've done for you.
I know that you took care of that power blogger.
I'm mostly aware of all the things you do for me behind my back.
Rumor spreads quickly.
And you still can't do that for me?
Anything regarding me is okay.
- Really? - Yes. Anything.
"Anything"?
You just said "Anything". Okay?
I didn't know you'd be here, Mr. Park.
It's past lunchtime. You must have a lot of free time at work.
I'm going to now because I don't want to see you.
- My goodness. - Don't mock me.
I'm not going to stop you if you're going to leave.
You can work with our company or not. Do whatever you want.
Oh, really?
I was going to renew my contract since On Entertainment is the best.
But you just made me change my mind.
Are you really going to be like this?
Stop teasing him.
It's fun.
I'm going to go now. Have fun.
I want you to come up with the next concept within this month.
- Bye, Jung Woo. - See you.
Why would I have to do that?
I didn't even decide if I'm going to stay or not.
(My love, Joon)
Hey, Won Joon. I'm going to head out now.
I'm sorry, but I have to go to the grocery store to buy something.
What's Jung Sun doing?
Jung Sun's having a talk with Hyun Soo.
Are you his slave or something?
Why do you need to go grocery shopping?
I am his slave.
I can only see you for 10 minutes. Would that be impossible?
Why would you think that way?
- Hello. - Hello.
Here.
You don't need to do this.
It's okay. I'll do it.
I was going to do it for you.
Can you lower the music?
Won Joon, how can you fall asleep when you're with me?
I'm so tired these days because we have so many customers.
You always had customers.
I want to get off.
Won Joon.
Lie down.
You're cute.
I visited my mom and dad.
I told them we'd come over for dinner on your day off.
Shouldn't we tell them that we're going to get married?
Then they'll try to bring in all the formalities.
But they might get upset for not knowing.
Every parent has a say in their children's wedding.
I'm sure they're not going to go against it.
But even if they do,
they won't have any influence on our decision.
I think it'd be better for them to hear...
our decision while they eat.
You just want them to accept what they hear?
I can take care of my parents.
- What about you? - My mom doesn't...
think too much about that kind of stuff, so it'll be fine.
But my dad...
We need to go see your dad before we invite him to dinner.
Don't you want to?
No, it's something we need to face anyway.
Then have we come to a decision?
Yes.
- Soo Jung. - Yes?
Until when did you receive reservations?
We're fully booked for this week and next week.
We're free on Tuesday, the week after next.
Then please don't take any reservations for that day.
Why not?
I want to invite some people over for dinner.
I'm nervous.
Don't be nervous. I'm here by your side.
Okay.
I'm a bit nervous...
to cook for a chef.
Don't worry.
What matters most is the thought you put into it.
Then I hope you enjoy.
I can't seem to season things properly these days.
What are you saying? It tastes amazing.
It's delicious.
It's tasty.
This isn't your cooking.
My gosh.
I bought that one dish.
It's okay, Mother. It still tastes delicious.
Thank you.
But their food tastes a little salty today.
Exactly. Why did that have to happen today?
Eat as much as you want,
and let's meet up more comfortably.
I'm also thinking about planning a future with her.
Really?
Good thinking. It's not good to date someone for too long.
It's great to live together when you're young.
My gosh, Dad. Stop it.
- Eat up. - Okay.
Hello.
Drink some tea.
You're beautiful as always.
There's no need to point out the obvious.
Let's eat lunch together later.
I have a long list of men waiting. You better wait for your turn.
(Flower)
Honey.
I'm not your honey.
I'm sorry. I missed you.
I missed you too.
Thank you for dropping by.
Right? You thought about me a lot, didn't you?
I must've been out of my mind.
I must've been out of my mind for a really long time.
Daniel.
Get lost.
What? You said you missed me.
Yes, I did. I wanted to dump you.
I always got dumped until now.
So I wanted to try dumping someone as well.
Bye.
Honey.
Do you want me beat you up?
You're younger than me. Stop calling me "Honey".
I'm no longer your honey.
She's my fiancee.
Hello. I'm Lee Hyun Soo.
Please sit down.
Here.
Thank you.
It's a Bluetooth speaker.
Since doctors spend most of their time treating patients indoors,
there are many doctors who love music.
I figured it might be the same for you.
I love music too.
I listen to a lot of classical music.
I see.
What would you like to drink?
What do you do in your spare time?
I usually listen to music and read books.
What are you reading these days?
My friend sent me a book he wrote.
I read a couple of pages of it.
Even if it's your friend's book, it's hard to read if it's boring.
You're right.
I'm talking too much today.
I should get back now.
It was nice seeing you.
It was nice to meet you too.
I've never seen my father talk that much about himself.
When I go on interviews,
it's surprising how many of them want to talk about themselves.
- Really? - Yes. They want to be asked.
But nobody asks about them.
Everyone is careful because they don't want to impose.
They're afraid.
They fear that if they say something people won't like them.
Is that so?
Have we said hello to everyone that we're supposed to?
There's one person left.
[VIU Ver] E40 Temperature of Love "She's My Fiancee"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You didn't eat yet, did you?
No, I didn't.
- You still hold it like that. - Did you change the grip?
No. I still hold it like you.
You take over. I need to prepare the steak.
Jung Woo.
Make some time for me next Tuesday afternoon.
Let me check my schedule first.
I told the others to come over for lunch.
And?
I think I should tell you.
What is it? Are you getting married?
Bingo.
- Good job. - Good job?
Yes. Good job.
I put a lot of noodles because you like them.
- Grill these later. - Yes, Chef.
- Don't overcook it. - Okay.
There won't be anything difficult.
The only thing is a lot of people are coming at once,
so let's get things ready now.
- Yes, Chef. - Yes, Chef.
- Mom. Dad. - Hi.
This way.
Please come in.
Mom. Dad.
I guess it's not just us.
We invited all the people we know.
We wanted everyone to have a meal together.
That's great.
- Let's sit. - Okay.
Hi, Mother.
Are you having a party? This is splendid.
Your seat is over here.
Do you mind sitting with my parents?
Not at all.
- Hello. - Hello.
- Jung Woo. - Mr. Park, you're here.
Come this way.
Sit with my family.
- Hi. - Long time no see.
Hello.
- Have you been well? - Yes.
This is my family.
She's your brother's girlfriend.
- Hello. - Hello.
Hi.
By the way,
if we go in together, won't Hyun Soo misunderstand?
She will.
But we aren't dating.
- Let's go in. - Wait.
Then, are we dating?
I'd be crazy if I didn't date you at this point.
You aren't completely ignorant.
Is this okay?
You've suffered because of me. Let's go.
There's something going on.
Something's going on.
You seem to be enjoying your food, so I'm happy.
Today...
Jung Sun and I...
will promise to each other that we'll walk our lives together.
What is she saying?
I think they're getting married.
Is this a wedding?
Goodness. They're so unusual.
Please enjoy your meal.
Congratulations!
Jung Sun and I...
have recorded our history of love for the past six years.
My name is On Jung Sun. Do you want to go out with me?
Being in love at first sight is physical and dangerous.
We had made a few mistakes.
Through those mistakes, we drifted apart then became close again.
Do you think it's just fun and games for me?
Why do you only think about yourself?
I allowed you to be in my life.
Where did the straightforward and outspoken Lee Hyun Soo go?
I have to walk on thin ice when I'm talking to you.
The woman who thought love was a choice,
and the man who thought love was a fate...
decided to live together.
Now I believe in fate.
(I love you. I'm in love with you.)
But we have to keep making choices...
within the fate.
Our love is destined,
but breaking up is our choice and our responsibility.
Our history of love...
will continue to be written.
(Temperature of Love)